Implement AbstractAnnData S3 methods and lazy subsetting (#324)
scverse/anndataR: NEWS.md

# anndataR unreleased

## New functionality

* Implemented AnnDataView class, which provides a lazy view of an AnnData object without copying data (PR #1096).

> * Implement S3 methods for AbstractAnnData objects: `dim`, `nrow`, `ncol`, `dimnames`, `rownames`, `colnames`, and `[` (PR #1096).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implemented an `AnnDataView` class, which provides a lazy view of an `AnnData` object without copying data (PR #1096)
* Implemented S3 methods for `AbstractAnnData` objects: `dim`, `nrow`, `ncol`, `dimnames`, `rownames`, `colnames`, and `[` (PR #1096)
```
